In the beginning, when Sky Woman created the universe, the Overworld was formless and desolate. The raging ocean that covered everything was engulfed in total darkness, and the Spirit of Sky Woman was moving over the water. Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let there be light- - and light appeared. Sky Woman was pleased with what she saw. Then she separated the light from the darkness, and she named the light -Day- and the darkness -Night-. Evening passed and morning came - that was the first day.

Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let there be a dome to divide the water and to keep it in two separate places- - and it was done. So Sky Woman made a dome, and it separated the water under it from the water above it. She named the dome -The build limit-. Evening passed and morning came - that was the second day.

Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let the water below the sky come together in one place, so that the land will appear- - and it was done. She named the land -Overworld-, and the water which had come together she named -Sea-. And Sky Woman was pleased with what she saw. Then she commanded, -Let the Overworld produce all kinds of plants, those that bear grain and those that bear fruit- - and it was done. So the Overworld produced all kinds of plants, and Sky Woman was pleased with what she saw. Evening passed and morning came - that was the third day.

Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let lights appear in the sky to separate day from night and to show the time when days, years, and religious festivals begin; they will shine in the sky to give light to the Overworld- - and it was done. So Sky Woman made the two larger lights, the sun to rule over the day and the moon to rule over the night; she also made the stars. She placed the lights in the sky to shine on the Overworld, to rule over the day and the night, and to separate light from darkness. And Sky Woman was pleased with what she saw. Evening passed and morning came - that was the fourth day.

Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let the water be filled with many kinds of living beings, and let the air be filled with birds.- So Sky Woman created the great sea monsters, the guardians and all kinds of creatures that live in the water, and all kinds of birds. And Sky Woman was pleased with what she saw. She blessed them all and told the creatures that live in the water to reproduce, and to fill the sea, and she told the birds to increase in number, and so the chickens did. Evening passed and morning came - that was the fifth day.

Then Sky Woman commanded, -Let the Overworld produce all kinds of animal life- domestic and wild, large and small- - and it was done. So Sky Woman made them all, and she was pleased with what she saw.

Then Sky Woman said, -And now I will make human beings; they will be like me and resemble me. They will have power over the fish, the chickens, and all animals, domestic and wild, large and small.- So Sky Woman created human beings, making them to be like herself. She created them, Steve and Alex, blessed them, and said, -Have many children, so that your descendants will live all over the Overworld and bring it under their control. I am putting you in charge of the fish, the chickens, and all the wild animals. I have provided all kinds of grain and all kinds of fruit for you to eat; but for all the wild animals and for all the birds I have provided grass and leafy plants for food- - and it was done. Sky Woman looked at everything she had made, and she was very pleased. Evening passed and morning came - that was the sixth day.
